Question 1

Which file formats are supported by aws cloudformation?

1 / 1 point

HCL


Text


.cf


JSON

Correct
It is a supported format. For more information, refer to the “Cloud Formation Lecture”.

2.
Question 2

Which option in AWS CloudFormation will allow you to drag and drop resource icons to create a template?

1 / 1 point

Template is ready


Use a sample template


Create template in Designer


None of the above

Correct
This allows us to drag and drop resources and create a template based on the architecture. For more information, refer to the “Cloud Formation Lecture”.

3.
Question 3

What is the attribute ‘skip_final_snapshot = true’ in the RDS instance resource block ?

1 / 1 point

Takes a final snapshot after database is created


Takes a final snapshot after database is deleted


No final snapshot will be taken after database is created


No final snapshot will be taken when database is deleted

Correct
Final snapshot is created when a RDS instance is deleted and this will skip that. For more information, refer to the “CreateDatabase- Terraform Cloud Lecture”.

4.
Question 4
What does the following policy do?

import "tfplan"


main = rule {

 all tfplan.resources.aws*instance as *, instances {

 all instances as \_, r {

 (length(r.applied.tags) else 0) > 0

 }

 }

}

1 / 1 point

Policy check shows warning if aws instance configuration is to create instance without tag


Policy check fails if aws instance configuration is to create instance without tag


Policy check shows warning if aws instance configuration is to create instance with tag


Policy check fails if aws instance configuration is to create instance with tag

Correct
Plan fails if the aws instance configuration is to create an instance without tag . For more information, refer to the “Sentinel Lecture”.

5.
Question 5
The ‘Delete Workspace’ option in Terraform Cloud deletes the infrastructure created by Terraform. (State whether this is True or False)

1 / 1 point

True


False

Correct
It will delete Workspace and variables but not the resources created by Terraform. For more information, refer to the “Terraform Cloud Lecture”.